Functional Testing
  Asks "Does it do what it should?"
  Black Box Testing
  Make sure everything is working as it should
  
Exploratory Testing
  Mimic things a user might do in the app
  Get used to application you're testing
  
Regression Testing
  Making sure what worked before still works
  Checking to see if your bug fix broke something else
  Automation is really helpful here
  
Non-functional Testing
  Tests aspects like performance, usability, reliability, accessibility
    Ex. What happens if a bunch of users log in at the same time?
    Ex. Is starting the car intuitive?  Is it easy to use?  Is the car clean and well-organized?
    Performance Testing -
      Is it fast enough?
      Can it handle enough traffic?
    Usability testing - 
      Testing that considers the user perspective
      What would the user think of this program?
      Does it make sense?
      Intuitive locations, industry standards
      Clean workflow, simple design
      Can I see everything I need to?  Font size, style, color schemes
      Is there anything I wish I could add or change?
  Does it do what it does well?
  Technical perspective
  Customer perspective
  
Confirmation Testing

Unit Tests
  Test smallest code blocks
  Used to test a single function
  Code based
  White Box testing, Clear Box, Glass Box
  Developers usually perform these tests
  Helps find bugs early
  How to write a unit test
    Import functions to be tested
    Set up test with description of test and callback function
    npm run to run tests, check console for results
  
Endpoint Testing
  Test an endpoint, like by using Postman
Component Testing
  Test a component in a simulated environment
End to End Testing
  Simulate a user interacting with application

Layers of Testing
  Planning
    Understand the program and what to test
    Test plans great for team and stakeholders
    Do a little exploratory testing and take notes
      Report any findings, like bugs
  Testing
  Reporting
  Follow up
    Did you report what you found?
    Test summary?
    Confirm that bugs are fixed?
    
Test-Driven Development
  Figure out what you want code to do
  Write tests based on that
  Write code to pass the tests
  
Jest
  Unit testing library
  jestjs.io
  jestjs.io/docs/expect
  create-react-app.dev/docs/running-tests/#filename-conventions
  Put tests in __tests__ folders or filename.test.js or filename.spec.js
  Use describe block to group related tests
  
Writing Scripts - Automation
  Need to be very specific, interact with DOM correctly
  Automated testing is faster to execute, therefore cheaper as well
  Automated tests are more reliable
  We can control order of how tests are run
  Doesn't work well for features that are changing
  Need to locate/identify things you'l interact with
  Write instructions to interact with browser, check info returned with assertions
  Find locators for elements, identify them correctly
    Use developer inspector tools to find selectors
    XPath - more like directions
    Can target by:
      element
      .classname
      #idname
      element[attribute="value"]
      Xpath Locators - 
        Use structure of elements (nodes) in page to determine location
  Stack - 
    Jest, Typescript, Selenium WebDriver
      Typescript - 
        'superset' of Javascript that enforces typing, amongst other things
        Helps us catch bugs by checking types before code compiles
        Doesn't allow data variable types to change (number can't become string)
        Can set up test to only work when data is formatted correctly
        Declaring type- 
          var word: string = 'yeah';
          var pack: number = 12;
          var valid: boolean = true;
      Selenium WebDriver -
        selenium.dev
        Hooks into browser directly
        Selenium Grid can run multiple tests across multiple servers at the same time
        Use WebDriver Bindings to hook into site and interact with browser
